Add subscription docs (#74)
ferrocene/criticalup: docs/src/overview.rst

  CriticalUp.
* *Using CriticalUp* describes how to use CriticalUp to manage Ferrocene
  installations.

> * *Ferrocene Subscription* describes how to manage your subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Managing Subscriptions* describes how to manage your subscription.
```

Seems the page name is this, not "Ferrocene Subscriptions"

Author: Thanks! These manual mini TOCs are a pet hate of mine, for precisely this reason.
